The destination of the running vector
What answer will you write in the blank?
Q: The relationship of the analysis
Inferred from the next line
A: Just like in the textbook
even this place is lacking in realism.
Ah... I've already left those complicated theories behind
I want to cram more into my youth with you.
Why is there a throbbing in my left chest pocket?
Regardless of the research paper
There are still basically no right answers.
Shout for the future with the highest failing grade
My heart is still growing
It's alright to hope for a little more from here, isn't it?
I'm going to be ambitious, its definitely the fast approach
Mr. Teacher, give me my grade!